good evening I am Conan O'Brien welcome
to the fifth annual NFL honors give
yourselves a hand a lot of big people
here a lot of stars a lot of legends for
those of you not familiar with this show
winning an NFL honour is like winning an
Oscar if the Oscars nominated black
people
this is the show to watch
is the NFL honors a prestigious award
show dating all the way back to 2012
this is a big one I've dreamed of
hosting this since I was since I was in
my late 40s this was my big dream
someday I'll get idea quick announcement
tonight's show is being produced by the
Cincinnati Bengals so we're gonna start
out strong and then completely unravel
in the last two minutes
stick around for that it's gonna be fun
Wow looking at this crowd there are so
many legendary athletes here tonight
Roger Staubach is here let's get her yes
Marcus Allen Marcus Allen
and of course the greatest of them all
Jeff Goldblum come on yeah
this speed the upper-body strength he's
got it all this is a little weird I
noticed we have an empty seat tonight
apparently on his way to the auditorium
Vikings kicker Blair Walsh missed the
entrance by about 15 feet yeah
no you got you haven't seen nothing yet
just hang her out
speaking of kickers the New England
Patriots lost in the playoffs was
Stephen Gostkowski missed his first
extra point in nine years ruff
lucky for him no City is more forgiving
than Boston
hello mr. Kraft it's wonderful don't be
don't be invited to that box it's
wonderful to be here in San Francisco
the home of Super Bowl 50 there have
been reports that in preparation this
city has moved its homeless people out
of sight yeah or words the homeless
prefer to be called here the Oakland
Raiders
thank you I'm here all night by the way
actually there are rumors at the writers
the Raiders might relocate to Las Vegas
although a lot of fans are worried it
might tarnish the reputation of Las
Vegas now by the way it's been reported
that drones drones have been banned from
the Superbowl tomorrow no drones
tomorrow at the Superbowl yeah so I
guess Cris Collinsworth won't be there
tomorrow tomorrow's Super Bowl is
probably gonna be Peyton Manning's last
in the NFL yeah which means he can
really think about it he can really lay
his body on the line yeah don't be
surprised if Peyton rushes for two maybe
even three yards I mean he might really
he might actually
it's your turn now pal parking lot after
the show I'll take the whole family on I
really don't care
Peyton is also tied with Brett Favre at
199 career wins yeah but the staff that
really haunts Peyton he has zero
commercials for Wrangler jeans that's
really the thing that's killing him
that's the commercial to get but
seriously what an amazing career it's
been for Peyton Manning after the end of
the Pats Broncos game
Peyton leaned into Bill Belichick and
said this might be my last rodeo and
it's been an honor Belichick was deeply
moved and said
actually Phil Belichick recently showed
up at a press conference with a black
eye yeah no one knows where it came from
but the list of suspects has been
narrowed down to anyone who has spent
time with Bill Belichick
it really was another incredible year
for the NFL a lot of hair-raising
moments just ask Brian Urlacher it
wasn't just amazing yeah by the way no
that is not snap on leggo hair okay just
so we're all clear but it's already time
to turn our attention to the future it's
been an incredibly busy post season Chip
Kelly is now the new coach of the 49ers
yeah yeah the 49ers offensive unit says
they're excited to adopt Kelly's
fast-paced style of losing
Cleveland Browns fired their coach again
because you know the old saying you
can't fire the team to which the city of
Cleveland replied
wait a minute why can't you fire the
team seriously
him I won't fight
the Cleveland Browns also have hired an
executive away from the New York Mets I
heard a guy from the Mets yep the Browns
have finally figured out their problem
they're playing the wrong sport and the
Miami debt Miami Dolphins have a new
head coach the former Bears offensive
coordinator Adam GaSe apparently the 6
and 10 dolphins want to capture some of
the magic that helped the Bears go 6 and
10 yes
here's another big change for next
season the NFL is going to play a game
in Mexico City yeah yeah no I I think
it'll be very interesting to see two NFL
teams go missing I love Mexico
but of course the biggest story of this
postseason is happening later this month
when the Gronk party ship finally sets
sail yes of course Rob Gronkowski is
hosting a party cruise to the Bahamas
did you know about this yeah I don't
know if I feel safe being on any ship or
if a storm broke out I'd have to say oh
my god what should we do captain Gronk
no hurt me Gronk this past season there
was some incredible plays we will not
soon forget I thought I'd share one of
my favorites with you right now of
course it happened during a Rams game in
st. Louis Nick Foles lined up in the
shotgun with the running back offset
receivers were trips left weak side
Falls snapped the ball and handed it off
to Todd Gurley on a simple 47 sweep the
entire offensive line poked left and
blocked to create the scene they were
then followed by the entire bench then
the coaches equipment managers
cheerleaders and even the front office
they ran right through the end zone out
the tunnel and onto a waiting jet that
took them directly to Los Angeles on the
way out of town
owners Stan Kroenke waved goodbye to the
st. Louis
I love that play
NFL of course is a huge deal it's the
most popular professional sport in
America that's right yeah NFL highligh
anyway the NFL has gotten so big that
CBS has decided to make a made-for-tv
movie about it now I got a sneak peek at
the casting it's okay I'd like to share
it with you tonight if that's okay first
up Green Bay quarterbacks Aaron Rodgers
will be played by Steve Carell I think
that's very good casting yeah it's good
Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Mike
Tomlin will be played by Omar Epps again
good casting Seattle Seahawks
quarterback Russell Wilson will be
played by Carlton from Fresh Prince of
bel-air the ink is dry on that one
that's a done deal Indian Indianapolis
Colts quarterback Andrew Luck will be
played by the Geico caveman Seattle
Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman will
be played by Lisa Bonet
New England Patriots quarterback Tom
Brady will be played by this kid on his
first day of school Pittsburgh Steeler
quarterback Ben Roethlisberger will be
played by 300 pounds of ground beef the
Buffalo Bills new defensive coach Rob
Ryan will be played by God from
Michelangelo's the Creation of Adam
the 49ers new coach Chip Kelly will be
played by the Pampers baby Denver
Broncos wide receiver Demaryius Thomas
will be played by a soft serve ice cream
cone NFL commentator Joe Buck will be
played by any Swedish lesbian
it's a compliment
and finally New England Patriots head
coach Bill Belichick will be played by
Emperor Palpatine
explain to mr. Kraft what that means all
right let's get this show going